#### `Connection()` object

This is the object that is used by `diaspy`'s internals. 
It is pushed around and used by various methods and other objects:

*   `Post()` and `Conversation()` objects require it to authenticate and 
    do their work,
*   `Client()` uses it for loggin in to pod and other stuff,


`Connection()` is the most low-level part of `diaspy` and provides everything 
what is needed to talk to a pod.

However, using only `Connection()` would be hard and cumberstone so there are 
other modules to aid you and you are strongly encouraged to use them.


----

##### Login procedure

`Client()` object available in `diapsy` will login you automatically - provided 
you gave it valid pod, username and password. 

On the other hand, `Connection()` is more stupid and it will not log you in unless 
you explicitly order it to do so. 
Logging in with `Connection()` is done via `login()` method. 

**Example:**

    connection = diaspy.connection.Connection(pod='https://pod.example.com')
    connection.login('user', 'password')

    OR

    connection = diaspy.connection.Connection(pod='https://pod.example.com',
                                              username='user',
                                              password='password')
    connection.login()


In the example above two ways of logging in were shown. 
In the first one only *pod* is passed to the object and 
*username* and *password* were passed to `login()` method. 

In the second one everything is passed directly to the object being 
created and `login()` is called without any arguments. 

Both ways are valid and will result in exactly the same connection. 
But consider the following example:


    connection = diaspy.connection.Connection(pod='https://pod.example.com',
                                              username='user',
                                              password='password')
    connection.login(username='loser', password='passphrase')

This code will result in connection with username `loser` and 
password `passphrase` because data passed to `login()` overrides data 
passed directly to object. 

**Remember:** if you pass something to `login()` it will not only *override* but 
also *overwrite* the username and password!


----

##### Switching pods

`Connection()` provides functionality for switching pods on the fly. 
This can be achieved with `podswitch()` method. 

If login to a new pod is successful your connection is just changed 
overwritten but if it fails everything else also fails and the current 
connection is broken.


----

If you want to write your own interface or client for D\* 
`Connection()` will be the only object you need.

